Update sdk-connection-string.md (#95819)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/app/sdk-connection-string.md

- [Profiler](./profiler-overview.md): `profiler`
- [Snapshot](./snapshot-debugger.md): `snapshot`

> #### Is Connection String a secret?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Is Connection string a secret?
```

> Connection String contains iKey which is a unique identifier used by the ingestion service to associate telemetry to a specific Application Insights resource.  It is not to be considered a security token or key. The ingestion endpoint provides [AAD based authenticated telemetry ingestion options] if you want to protect your AI resource from misuse.
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > Application Insights JavaScript SDK requires Connection string to be passed in during initialization/configuration.  This is viewable in plain text in client browsers. There is no easy way to use the AAD based authentication for browser telemetry.  It is recommended that customers consider creating a separate Application Insights resource for browser telemetry if they need to secure the service telemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connection string contains iKey which is a unique identifier used by the ingestion service to associate telemetry to a specific Application Insights resource.  It is not to be considered a security token or key. The ingestion endpoint provides Azure AD-based authenticated telemetry ingestion options if you want to protect your AI resource from misuse.

> [!NOTE]
> Application Insights JavaScript SDK requires the connection string to be passed in during initialization/configuration.  This is viewable in plain text in client browsers. There is no easy way to use the Azure AD-based authentication for browser telemetry.  It is recommended that customers consider creating a separate Application Insights resource for browser telemetry if they need to secure the service telemetry.
```
